are you currently looking for an earful
there is cheap in the price and at the
same time good in sound quality well
this video may be just for you stay
tuned how's he been going off things
this is benjamin's this year and today
we can do some overview and review of
the beef distance 2.1 from CL me well a
lot of people have been talking about
this earphone because this is cheap and
i thought the sound is great and also
warned the i have product designed for
water 2014 so this is just a review on
how it's just actually a bang for the
buck is it really a bang for the buck or
is this noise did this just another
typical 50 ringgit earphone well if you
want to convert 50 we get to any
currency that you like i will leave the
rest of the converting job for you but
sure if this is the be pistons 2.1 that
everybody is talking about i got this
unit from the official see army website
so without further ado let's get to the
overview and the review of this bad boy
right here as well as the verdict indian
since the unit ipod is the international
version everything around the package is
all in English and unlike any other
versions of the piston series this one
does not use the eco-friendly box which
is browning color instead this is just
white in color and the packaging itself
it's
compared to any other year phones you
can ever find the manual is behind the
box and everything that needs to be
explained is all behind the box and the
earphones are and close together with
the rubber casing inside the gift box
the rubber casing at first looks really
confusing to use but the manual will
explain how to use it and in the end it
turns out to be more simpler than how it
looks and just like any other earphone
we have different earbud sizes though
there is some Kevlar braiding at the
bottom of the earphone the top wires of
the earphone however looks rather feeble
looking because it looks like i can just
tear out any time soon making you wonder
if this earphone is ever doable or not
and for the comfort so far it just fits
into the ear just about right despite
all the doubts on the durability of the
earphones the whole earphone feels
lightweight but at the same time it does
not feel plasticky though the volume
keys just work about right the play
button feels a bit sluggish because he
only reacts after two seconds and that
is my biggest complaint on the Pistons
2.1 but while I love about the Pistons
2.1 is simply the sound although the
base was a little bit too weak
everything of the audio is really clear
and after a short burn in there's more
depth into the audio and even a base got
a little bit better it may not be the
ideal earphone for base hits but the
mini Pistons do handle the dynamics
really well especially orchestral music
and for the fact that a sound quality is
comparable with other your phones
they're more expensive this thing is a
bang for a buck so this is all for the
overview and a rear view of the Pistons
2.1 well if you're looking for an
earphone that is affordable and good in
some quality at most i can say that this
who surpassed the expectation because of
out of what you pay you get more than
what should pay for the quality of this
sound is great and it's comparable to
some of the earphones then are two to
four times more expensive than the
piston 2.1 price tag you're really going
to get a lot out of this product
therefore it is a really it's really a
great value body so this product is an
example that Sammy has once again live
up to its reputation of offering
something really great for a lot less
and yes it is a Chinese brand but don't
let it turn you off because sell me this
morning some of these Chinese brands
that are stereotypically you know poor
in quality see ami is a quality brand
and so is this product not going to see
I'm not going to say that I'm buyers but
even before that I had doubts on the
brain itself after I feel things about
the me tree before me you me you I even
and now the me Pistons I'm confident
that sell me is a reputable brand that
you can trust there are some other
brands out there they're not even from
China and and look premium in in the
name itself but they don't live up to
its quality as much as how yummy this so
I hope you enjoy this overview interview
and I hope this is informative enough
for you if you have any questions to
posting in the comments below thank you
for watching I hope you liked this video
do subscribe to Benjamin sir and
Benjamin sir out
you